---
layout: post
title: Car parts supplier website development using HPI & TECDOC
date: '2018-01-02 01:14'
comments: true
categories:
  - CSS
  - HTML
  - Ecommerce
  - Entrepreneurship
  - TECDOC
---

The Challenge
The client had been using a dated version of OpenCart and relied on Autoline ERP to maintain their offline sales channels. As per local business norms the clients would offer a price to buy items. AutoworldKenya administrators would then either accept the price or issue a counter offer to the customer. This proces required a custom module to handle retail and wholesale orders. Absense of VRM lookup service in the region, however it was crucial to offer vehicle identification service through their car parts website AutoworldKenya.co.ke.

Our Solution
We developed a TecDoc extension to work with Prestashop. We developed custom pricing and customer profiling modules that allowed AutoworldKenya to assign customers groups to various staff. The module also allowed them to manage a pricing structure for customer groups. In order to identify vehicles we implemented VIN number search which made it possible for them to offer car parts with precision on their website.

Development Undertaken

1. Prestashop version upgrade and migration of existing data.

2. Prestashop extension developed to work with TecDoc API.

3. Custom profiling module to manage customer groups and staff assignment.

4. VIN number search implementation to identify vehicles.

5. New responsive layout and branded skin upgrade for Prestashop.

6. Developed an API to interface with Autoline ERP and sync data automatically.

7. Module for managing retail and wholesale customer groups.

Final Features:

1. Search vehicle by car registration number.
2. Search vehicle by make / model / engine size.
3. Parts can be purchased for more than one vehicle in one session
4. Normal parts (that has no relation with Tecdoc) are sold according to Magento fashion.
5. Display only related parts for selected vehicle.
6. Sale products of selected brands.
7. Rename Tecdoc Category name with your own titles.
8. Merge Tecdoc categories into one category / sub category.
9. Show Warning messages if user has arrived directly at Product list, asks users to enter Car detail on Tecdoc products .
10. Car Registration number shown in Shopping Cart.
11. Vehicle Detail included in Shopping cart individual items.
12. Vehicle Detail included in Order.
13. Web services integrated using native Zend Library
14. Multilingual support for product
15. Country specific products support
